Problem - 1052 
            Online JudgeOnline ExerciseOnline TeachingOnline ContestsExercise 
            Author
            F.A.Q
            Hand In Hand
            Online Acmers 
            Forum | Discuss
            Statistical Charts
            Problem Archive
            Realtime Judge Status
            Authors Ranklist
                   C/C++/Java Exams     
            ACM Steps
            Code Challenge
            STD Contests 
            VIP Contests      
            Virtual Contests      
              DIY Contests         xtayalf
             Mail 0(0)
             Control Panel 
             Sign Out


      你的报名审核通过了吗？ 
      “2011阿里巴巴程序设计公开赛”报名截止倒计时: 还有14天~ 
      若注册列表没有贵校，请发邮件到HDUACM@QQ.COM~ 
      Tian Ji -- The Horse Racing
      Time Limit: 2000/1000 MS (Java/Others)    Memory Limit: 65536/32768 K 
      (Java/Others)
      Total Submission(s): 7350    Accepted Submission(s): 1995


      Problem Description
      Here is a famous story in Chinese history.

      "That was about 2300 years ago. General Tian Ji was a high official in the 
      country Qi. He likes to play horse racing with the king and others."

      "Both of Tian and the king have three horses in different classes, namely, 
      regular, plus, and super. The rule is to have three rounds in a match; 
      each of the horses must be used in one round. The winner of a single round 
      takes two hundred silver dollars from the loser."

      "Being the most powerful man in the country, the king has so nice horses 
      that in each class his horse is better than Tian's. As a result, each time 
      the king takes six hundred silver dollars from Tian."

      "Tian Ji was not happy about that, until he met Sun Bin, one of the most 
      famous generals in Chinese history. Using a little trick due to Sun, Tian 
      Ji brought home two hundred silver dollars and such a grace in the next 
      match."

      "It was a rather simple trick. Using his regular class horse race against 
      the super class from the king, they will certainly lose that round. But 
      then his plus beat the king's regular, and his super beat the king's plus. 
      What a simple trick. And how do you think of Tian Ji, the high ranked 
      official in China?"



      Were Tian Ji lives in nowadays, he will certainly laugh at himself. Even 
      more, were he sitting in the ACM contest right now, he may discover that 
      the horse racing problem can be simply viewed as finding the maximum 
      matching in a bipartite graph. Draw Tian's horses on one side, and the 
      king's horses on the other. Whenever one of Tian's horses can beat one 
      from the king, we draw an edge between them, meaning we wish to establish 
      this pair. Then, the problem of winning as many rounds as possible is just 
      to find the maximum matching in this graph. If there are ties, the problem 
      becomes more complicated, he needs to assign weights 0, 1, or -1 to all 
      the possible edges, and find a maximum weighted perfect matching...

      However, the horse racing problem is a very special case of bipartite 
      matching. The graph is decided by the speed of the horses --- a vertex of 
      higher speed always beat a vertex of lower speed. In this case, the 
      weighted bipartite matching algorithm is a too advanced tool to deal with 
      the problem.

      In this problem, you are asked to write a program to solve this special 
      case of matching problem.

       

      Input
      The input consists of up to 50 test cases. Each case starts with a 
      positive integer n (n <= 1000) on the first line, which is the number of 
      horses on each side. The next n integers on the second line are the speeds 
      of Tian’s horses. Then the next n integers on the third line are the 
      speeds of the king’s horses. The input ends with a line that has a single 
      0 after the last test case.

       

      Output
      For each input case, output a line containing a single number, which is 
      the maximum money Tian Ji will get, in silver dollars.

       

      Sample Input
3
92 83 71
95 87 74
2
20 20
20 20
2
20 19
22 18
0 

      Sample Output
200
0
0 

      Source
      2004 Asia Regional Shanghai 
       

      Recommend
      JGShining
       


      Statistic | Submit | Discuss | Note

            Home | TopHangzhou Dianzi University Online Judge 3.0
            Copyright &copy; 2005-2011 HDU ACM Team. All Rights Reserved.
            Designer & Developer : Wang Rongtao LinLe GaoJie GanLu
            Total 0.000327(s) query 1, Server time : 2011-08-03 20:46:35, Gzip 
            enabled Administration 

