Problem - 1035 
            Online JudgeOnline ExerciseOnline TeachingOnline ContestsExercise 
            Author
            F.A.Q
            Hand In Hand
            Online Acmers 
            Forum | Discuss
            Statistical Charts
            Problem Archive
            Realtime Judge Status
            Authors Ranklist
                   C/C++/Java Exams     
            ACM Steps
            Code Challenge
            STD Contests 
            VIP Contests      
            Virtual Contests      
              DIY Contests         xtayalf
             Mail 0(0)
             Control Panel 
             Sign Out


      你的报名审核通过了吗？ 
      “2011阿里巴巴程序设计公开赛”报名截止倒计时: 还有14天~ 
      若注册列表没有贵校，请发邮件到HDUACM@QQ.COM~ 
      Robot Motion
      Time Limit: 2000/1000 MS (Java/Others)    Memory Limit: 65536/32768 K 
      (Java/Others)
      Total Submission(s): 2249    Accepted Submission(s): 1025


      Problem Description


      A robot has been programmed to follow the instructions in its path. 
      Instructions for the next direction the robot is to move are laid down in 
      a grid. The possible instructions are 

      N north (up the page)
      S south (down the page)
      E east (to the right on the page)
      W west (to the left on the page)

      For example, suppose the robot starts on the north (top) side of Grid 1 
      and starts south (down). The path the robot follows is shown. The robot 
      goes through 10 instructions in the grid before leaving the grid.

      Compare what happens in Grid 2: the robot goes through 3 instructions only 
      once, and then starts a loop through 8 instructions, and never exits.

      You are to write a program that determines how long it takes a robot to 
      get out of the grid or how the robot loops around.

       

      Input
      There will be one or more grids for robots to navigate. The data for each 
      is in the following form. On the first line are three integers separated 
      by blanks: the number of rows in the grid, the number of columns in the 
      grid, and the number of the column in which the robot enters from the 
      north. The possible entry columns are numbered starting with one at the 
      left. Then come the rows of the direction instructions. Each grid will 
      have at least one and at most 10 rows and columns of instructions. The 
      lines of instructions contain only the characters N, S, E, or W with no 
      blanks. The end of input is indicated by a row containing 0 0 0.

       

      Output
      For each grid in the input there is one line of output. Either the robot 
      follows a certain number of instructions and exits the grid on any one the 
      four sides or else the robot follows the instructions on a certain number 
      of locations once, and then the instructions on some number of locations 
      repeatedly. The sample input below corresponds to the two grids above and 
      illustrates the two forms of output. The word "step" is always immediately 
      followed by "(s)" whether or not the number before it is 1.

       

      Sample Input
3 6 5
NEESWE
WWWESS
SNWWWW
4 5 1
SESWE
EESNW
NWEEN
EWSEN
0 0  

      Sample Output
10 step(s) to exit
3 step(s) before a loop of 8 step(s) 

      Source
      Mid-Central USA 1999 
       


      Statistic | Submit | Discuss | Note

            Home | TopHangzhou Dianzi University Online Judge 3.0
            Copyright &copy; 2005-2011 HDU ACM Team. All Rights Reserved.
            Designer & Developer : Wang Rongtao LinLe GaoJie GanLu
            Total 0.000354(s) query 1, Server time : 2011-08-03 20:44:33, Gzip 
            enabled Administration 

