Problem - 1075 
            Online JudgeOnline ExerciseOnline TeachingOnline ContestsExercise 
            Author
            F.A.Q
            Hand In Hand
            Online Acmers 
            Forum | Discuss
            Statistical Charts
            Problem Archive
            Realtime Judge Status
            Authors Ranklist
                   C/C++/Java Exams     
            ACM Steps
            Code Challenge
            STD Contests 
            VIP Contests      
            Virtual Contests      
              DIY Contests         xtayalf
             Mail 0(0)
             Control Panel 
             Sign Out


      你的报名审核通过了吗？ 
      “2011阿里巴巴程序设计公开赛”报名截止倒计时: 还有14天~ 
      若注册列表没有贵校，请发邮件到HDUACM@QQ.COM~ 
      What Are You Talking About
      Time Limit: 10000/5000 MS (Java/Others)    Memory Limit: 102400/204800 K 
      (Java/Others)
      Total Submission(s): 4522    Accepted Submission(s): 1366


      Problem Description
      Ignatius is so lucky that he met a Martian yesterday. But he didn't know 
      the language the Martians use. The Martian gives him a history book of 
      Mars and a dictionary when it leaves. Now Ignatius want to translate the 
      history book into English. Can you help him?

       

      Input
      The problem has only one test case, the test case consists of two parts, 
      the dictionary part and the book part. The dictionary part starts with a 
      single line contains a string "START", this string should be ignored, then 
      some lines follow, each line contains two strings, the first one is a word 
      in English, the second one is the corresponding word in Martian's 
      language. A line with a single string "END" indicates the end of the 
      directory part, and this string should be ignored. The book part starts 
      with a single line contains a string "START", this string should be 
      ignored, then an article written in Martian's language. You should 
      translate the article into English with the dictionary. If you find the 
      word in the dictionary you should translate it and write the new word into 
      your translation, if you can't find the word in the dictionary you do not 
      have to translate it, and just copy the old word to your translation. 
      Space(' '), tab('\t'), enter('\n') and all the punctuation should not be 
      translated. A line with a single string "END" indicates the end of the 
      book part, and that's also the end of the input. All the words are in the 
      lowercase, and each word will contain at most 10 characters, and each line 
      will contain at most 3000 characters.

       

      Output
      In this problem, you have to output the translation of the history book.

       

      Sample Input
START
from fiwo
hello difh
mars riwosf
earth fnnvk
like fiiwj
END
START
difh, i'm fiwo riwosf.
i fiiwj fnnvk!
END 

      Sample Output
hello, i'm from mars.
i like earth!

Hint
Huge input, scanf is recommended.
  

      Author
      Ignatius.L
       


      Statistic | Submit | Discuss | Note

            Home | TopHangzhou Dianzi University Online Judge 3.0
            Copyright &copy; 2005-2011 HDU ACM Team. All Rights Reserved.
            Designer & Developer : Wang Rongtao LinLe GaoJie GanLu
            Total 0.000322(s) query 1, Server time : 2011-08-03 20:49:22, Gzip 
            enabled Administration 

